We always listen to this quote “Health is wealth” but we don’t care or focus on what it’s real meaning is ?. In our daily routine, we never give time to our mental and physical health due to our busy schedules and always feel lazy to do exercises and meditations but at a time when we suffered from illness or any physical problems then again our focus back to our health but on that moment a golden time was gone and we felt that why we became such an irresponsible to our body and mind need to function properly?

Basically, to get a perfect body shape and healthy life we need to understand that what actually health is and how we can take care of it with a daily schedule without getting bored.

So, health is a combination of two main stuff that is 1st our fitness of the body and another is mental fitness. Some of the peoples thought that both are the same thing and can be managed both with the same exercise and gymnastics activities but its really not because perfect body shape isn’t mean that person is healthy too. Fitness of the body shape lives to our external looks and skins. The good fit body is gain by exercises and some gymnastics work with a good diet routine but for mental health, you actually need to do some introspection and yoga asana to always refresh your mind and feel energetic from inside to do any work. As for the fit body needed healthy diet same as that for the good mental health you required good and positive thoughts, be happy and also make the habit to read books daily it really helps to grow and we also knew it very well that a good healthy relationship is an also a sign of good mental health. The effect of Meditation is on the mind and in our inner body fitness. Meditation boosts to cure internal health problems and also reduces stress hormones from our body and it also increases the level of dopamine(the reason for happiness) chemicals.

So for good health, you should always have to focus on both the two things physical and mental health. Specifically more focused on your mental health to always stay away from depression statuses.

